<h1> DAY 3 </h1>
<ul>
  <li> <h4> Even Fibonacci numbers </h4> </li>
      <p> Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed N, find the sum of the even-valued terms.	
</p>

  <li> <h4> Flip </h4> </li>
        <p> You are given a binary string(i.e. with characters 0 and 1) S consisting of characters S1, S2, …, SN. In a single operation, you can choose two indices L and R such that 1 ≤ L ≤ R ≤ N and flip the characters SL, SL+1, …, SR. By flipping, we mean change character 0 to 1 and vice-versa.

Your aim is to perform ATMOST one operation such that in final string number of 1s is maximised. If you don’t want to perform the operation, return an empty array. Else, return an array consisting of two elements denoting L and R. If there are multiple solutions, return the lexicographically smallest pair of L and R.
 </p>
  
  <li> <h4> Largest prime factor </h4> </li>
      <p> The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.

What is the largest prime factor of the number N?
 </p>

  <li> <h4> Max Non Negative SubArray </h4> </li>
        <p> Given an array of integers, A of length N, find out the maximum sum sub-array of non negative numbers from A.

The sub-array should be contiguous i.e., a sub-array created by choosing the second and fourth element and skipping the third element is invalid.

Maximum sub-array is defined in terms of the sum of the elements in the sub-array.

Find and return the required subarray.

NOTE:

    1. If there is a tie, then compare with segment's length and return segment which has maximum length.
    2. If there is still a tie, then return the segment with minimum starting index.
 </p>
        
  <li> <h4> Multiples of 3 and 5 </h4> </li>
      <p> If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.

Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below N.
 </p>

  <li> <h4> Pascal Triangle	 </h4> </li>
        <p> Given numRows, generate the first numRows of Pascal’s triangle.

Pascal’s triangle : To generate A[C] in row R, sum up A’[C] and A’[C-1] from previous row R - 1.
 </p>
  
  <li> <h4> Spiral Order Matrix II </h4> </li>
      <p> Given an integer A, generate a square matrix filled with elements from 1 to A2 in spiral order.
  </p>

  <li> <h4> Squared Subsequences </h4> </li>
        <p> Let's call a sequence of integers good if the product of its elements can be represented as a difference of squares of two integers. More formally, a sequence S1,S2,…,SK is good if it is possible to find two integers p and q such that S1⋅S2⋅…⋅SK=p2−q2.

Chef has a sequence A1,A2,…,AN. He wants to find the number of contiguous subsequences of A which are good. Can you help him?
 </p>
        
  <li> <h4> Unit GCD </h4> </li>
        <p> 
	Chef has a recipe book. He wishes to read it completely as soon as possible so that he could try to cook the dishes mentioned in the book.

The pages of the book are numbered 1 through N. Over a series of days, Chef wants to read each page. On each day, Chef can choose to read any set of pages such that there is no prime that divides the numbers of two or more of these pages, i.e. the numbers of pages he reads on the same day must be pairwise coprime. For example, Chef can read pages 1, 3 and 10 on one day, since (1,3), (3,10) and (1,10) are pairs of coprime integers; however, he cannot read pages 1, 3 and 6 on one day, as 3 and 6 are both divisible by 3. Since chef might get bored by reading the same recipe again and again, Chef will read every page exactly once.

Given N, determine the minimum number of days Chef needs to read the entire book and the pages Chef should read on each of these days.
 </p>
</ul>
